rapper and singer with the number-one
album in the country his name is Drake I
have been talking about doing a project
together for a long time we have a
similar flow is that what you called we
have a super closer we've been kicking
some ideas around and I think you're
gonna like what we came up with this one
uh this one's dedicated to you president
obama drop it
hey Drake what's up just uh it's writing
this new song on paper uh yeah that is
old-fashioned and why write a song
yourself when celebrities are tweeting
so many great things what do you mean
I mean Twitter man you're writing stuff
that's better than anything you could
ever write for a rod check this out
here's a tweet from Shaquille O'Neal
yeah that two-year-old smoking on the
Internet is that real and here's another
one from Larry King whoever came up with
peanut butter and jelly deserves a Nobel
Prize in something let me try this one's
from Justin Bieber's list he says hey
did you know that bedbugs really do
exist
I didn't Jessica Simpson posted why not
just seen she said my bro-in-law
gave me a book to read oh that's me
tell me something
tell me another now
I saw a tweet from a man divine she said
I like black men I'm very attracted to
the meth lab who is it here's something
to me wants us to know the bottom
she said my waiters name was not
cheerful delicious Tila tequila's
getting hungry as a mother saying we're
spraying with cream all over each other
yep let's not forget one Ashton Kutcher
did did you know fish
have no eyelid gee
tell me something
to tell me nothing
Oh
you want to know how Britney Spears
stays lane says my daddy got me up with
Barry machine ha ha Michael Jordan is a
twitter at pimp he said on New Year's I
have way too many shrimp
some Chinese
Paris Hilton go into the gushing
Wow
asking what do
tell me something
tell another man
yeah baby children thanks so much this
is incredible I mean not only do you
have to kick ass back back or you're a
genius problem you think something was
connected to those headphones you know
what I mean yeah this is great I never
have to write anything again
I'm so happy me too ah so much for this
notebook this could be bigger than
pac-man fever
Oh